Add log samples documentation and image updates (#5895)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

| `type`               | String           | yes      | Type of the processor.                                  |
| `name`               | String           | no       | Name of the processor.                                  |
| `is_enabled`         | Boolean          | no       | If the processors is enabled or not, default: `false`.  |
| `source`             | String           | yes      | Name of the log attribute to parse, default: `message`. |
| `samples`            | Array of Strings | no       | List of sample logs for this grok parser.               | 
| `grok.support_rules` | String           | yes      | List of Support rules for your grok parser.             |
| `grok.match_rules`   | String           | yes      | List of Match rules for your grok parser.               |

[1]: /api/?lang=bash#logs-pipelines
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> Up to 5 samples can be saved with the Processor, and each sample can be up to 5000 characters in length. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to five samples can be saved with the processor, and each sample can be up to 5000 characters in length.
```

> All samples have a status that shows `match` or `no match` which highlights if one of the parsing rules of the grok parser matches this sample or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All samples show a status (`match` or `no match`), which highlights if one of the parsing rules of the grok parser matches the sample.
```
